♪ It seems today
that all you see
♪ Is violence in movies
and sex on TV
♪ But where are those
good old-fashioned values
♪ On which we used to rely?
♪ Lucky there's a family guy
♪ Lucky there's a man who
positively can do
♪ All the things that make us
♪ Laugh and cry
♪ He's a family guy ♪
And now.
the History Channel
presents American Inventor.
the true story of Henry Ford.
This is my Jew
flattening machine.
It'll flatten any Jew.
Simply climb behind the wheel.
drive it towards
a Jew and flatten him.
Could you also
use it just to drive
from place to place and stuff?
It's a Jew flattening machine.
that's not what
it's designed for.
But you could use it that way?
Yeah.
Yeah. you could...
You could also use
the Mona Lisa
as a place mat. God!
Hey. guys.
Oh. hey. Quagmire.
How was marching band practice?
Peter. you know
this is a pilot's uniform.
It represents years
of specialized training.
Yeah. well.
you know what else takes
years of specialized training?
Crossing your eyes.
Too far!
Hold still.
Thank you.
Korean sweatshop animator.
You've earned your
nickel this week.
Where you coming from. Quagmire?
I had to fly to Aruba.
so I brought my mom along
with my friends
and family discount.
Did you...
Yes. Joe. I got you a magnet.
Where do you even put
all those magnets. Joe?
You know I have that
fridge in the garage
with bags of blood
in my blood type.
What's "friends and family"?
Oh. airline employees
can get discounted tickets
for family and close friends.
What? How come you've never
done that for us?
If I'm being honest.
I've also got
a few Celeste
pizzas in that fridge.
I don't know.
I guess I just figured
you guys always have to work
or you're with your kids.
but sure. I could
take you somewhere.
I'm going to
San Francisco next week.
You guys wanna come?
San Francisco?
That city from
And the Band
Played On and Milk?
I'm in.
Yeah. thanks. Quagmire.
Oh. wow. this will be great.
Hey. can you make us X-Men?
What a surprise.
Well. I'm off to San Francisco
with the guys.
Okay. I'm off to Hilton Head
with the girls.
You what?
Peter. I told you about this
a month ago.
I'm going with
Bonnie and Donna
to Donna's sister's timeshare.
We can't both go on a trip
at the same time.
I'm sorry. Peter.
but I already
have a taxi waiting.
All right.
I'll go tell the guys
I'm not going.
Why is he taking his suitcase
to tell the guys?
You guys. come on.
we gotta go now!
Let's go. move it!
I'm in the shower!
It doesn't matter.
We're stealing Lois' cab.
Son of a...
And the idiot took my suitcase.
Aw. he was taking me with him.
Ah. San Francisco.
San Francisco!
So. what are we gonna do first?
I wanna see
the Golden Gate Bridge.
I wanna see Lombard Street.
I wanna see Ghirardelli Square.
Guys. guys.
let's get lesbian haircuts
and see 'em all!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
All right. the gay jokes
are out of the way. now.
let's get down to business.
Okay. guys.
"This is the original
Levi jeans factory.
"created by Levi Strauss
in the year 1853
"so that gold miners could wear
"a comfortable
yet durable fabric."
This is boring.
Well. then
you plan the vacation!
Peter. Peter.
calm down. It's okay.
We'll do whatever you want.
All right. if you promise.
I was thinking we could
tuck our shirts
into our pants.
put on huge
helmets and ride Segways.
We're not from here!
You guys.
look. it's Golden State
Warriors star. Steph Curry.
Oh. my God.
Steph. I'm such a big fan!
Thanks. it's nice to meet you.
Hey. I know we just met.
but can I sit on your lap
during your next post-game
press conference?
Sure. I don't see why not.
This is exciting
for the whole Bay Area
to be just four games away
from the Championship.
Dad. I duked.
The other team's not just
gonna go away. though.
We gotta stay focused.
keep doing what
we've been doing.
Fat lady.
Dad. dad. a fat lady.
Yeah. I see her. Peter.
Make her go.
That's not how
we talk to people.
- Make her go!
- I'll leave.
Yay! I'm learning
bad lessons!
Wow. So that was
San Francisco.
I didn't realize how hilly
it was gonna be.
Thanks again for
taking us. Quagmire.
Hey. no problem.
You know. we're here early.
You guys want
a little tour of the plane?
Yeah. that'd be great.
Normally.
I'd just go to Hudson News
and pretend to be
the most important guy there.
Can I help you?
Yes. I will have eight Dasanis
and a J.D. Power
and Associates.
Wow. this place is cool.
Yeah. what do all
these buttons do?
Like. what's this red one?
That's a voice filter.
so the passengers always think
the pilot is a 60-year-old
Midwestern white man.
What? That's impossible.
Hi. y'all. This is Cleveland.
Good afternoon. folks.
This is Captain Darrell Clarke
up here on the flight deck.
We're way up in the air.
We've reached
our cruising altitude
of 37.000 feet.
Y'all get ready to watch
Big Momma's House.
Our in-flight
entertainment today
will be Under the Tuscan Sun.
Oh. I like that.
I hear it's good.
Hey. what's this button?
Autopilot?
Oh. that allows
the plane to fly itself
when I need a break.
What do you mean. "a break"?
You don't have
to fly the plane?
Of course I do. I just take
a short break sometimes.
"Short break"?
It looks like you had
time to put together
the 10.000-piece Lego Hogwarts.
You don't have to touch it. Joe.
You can just say you noticed it.
And what's this booth over here?
Oh. that's my back-in-time box.
I go inside.
magically go back in time.
and then come out and react
to the fact that we're flying.
My God. we're levitating!
That's just a box
full of costumes.
It's my back-in-time box!
What the hell. Quagmire?
So basically. your job
is just goofing off.
That's not true.
I broke Gandalf in half.
It's Dumbledore.
Screw you guys!
You know. being a pilot
is hard work.
Look. I tried to be nice
and take you fellas
on a free trip.
And all you can do
is crap all over my job!
I was a Navy pilot.
you jerks. Get the hell
out of my cockpit!
Joke's on him. I farted
just before he kicked us out.
Oh! Oh. God!
All right. let's see what's in
the in-flight magazine.
Muscular old guy.
already-filled-in
crossword puzzle...
Ooh. this is food
for different
routes I'm not on.
All right.
time to use the potty.
Don't say "potty."
You're an adult.
Okay. nobody move!
Oh. my God.
Those guys in
first class have guns!
Cleveland.
just be happy with what
you have. Don't envy people.
No. Peter. we're being hijacked.
Close the cockpit door!
This plane now belongs to us.
You move. you're dead.
So nobody try to get smart.
Hmm. page 100. Hmm.
Control tower.
this is flight 364.
We have
a hijacking in progress.
Our flight has been...
Damn it. they jammed
the transmission.
I'm gonna have to go
to the backup
communication system.
Hello. can you hear me?
This is flight 364.
We're being hijacked.
I can hear you...
This is your last chance.
Open the door or
your copilot gets it.
No! I'm landing
at the closest airfield
which is less than an hour away.
So just let him go.
'cause you're not getting
control of this plane!
Jimmy!
Oh. my God!
Oh. great. I had to
surrender my mouthwash
but that guy's got a gun.
Oh. yeah. I saw those guys in
the TSA pre-check line.
I should pre-check.
If we don't get killed today.
I'm gonna look into that.
Why are you doing this?
America needs to be punished
for supporting the other side
of my country's civil war.
Which country?
Do you really wanna know.
or are you just asking
because we're gonna be
on the plane for a while
and you think
you should make small talk?
The second thing.
Open the door
or I'll start
executing passengers!
Man. coming on this trip
was a terrible idea.
I know. Now I wish
I'd just stayed home
and finished my
remake of Inside Out.
I'm Joy.
I'm Sadness.
I'm Anger.
I'm Disgust.
I'm Poo.
Oh. I need to use the bathroom.
Yay! I win!
We interrupt this program
with a special report.
A flight from
San Francisco to Quahog
has lost contact
with air traffic control.
Oh. my God.
That's your father's flight!
Government
officials are monitoring
the situation closely.
I'll be here to update you
as the story progresses.
Coming up on the Midday News.
a couple in their
30s gets married
without their dog
being in the wedding.
You're not gonna
believe their story.
What's it gonna be?
Are you going to open this door
or am I going
to start killing people?
I'm not opening it.
Excuse me.
I'd just like to ask
the mom behind me
who told me to stop watching
Game of Thrones on my laptop
if I'm still the worst person
on this plane.
You. fat guy. get up here!
Last chance. Open the door
or this idiot gets it.
Don't open it. Quagmire.
It's not worth it.
Okay.
Wait... Wait. what?
That was quick.
I'm sorry. Peter. but I have
to think about
the whole plane.
There's over 150 passengers
back there.
several of whom
are in our Commander's Club.
and to them. I'd like to issue
a special welcome.
Oh. man. we gotta help Peter.
Those crazy European guys
are gonna kill him.
You know. I have a gun
in the bag I checked.
If we can get to the galley.
we can take the elevator down
to the cargo hold.
Good idea. Joe.
Oh. man.
it feels like we're in
one of those hijacking movies.
You're right. It does.
There's even
an impatient businessman
who really wants
to reach his destination
so he can conduct more business.
Can't you see
how important I am?
My shirt is blue
but the collar is white.
It's the same shirt!
Quick. He's distracted.
Get off my plane.
What's that now?
Hmm? Nothing.
Always bet on black.
Did you say something?
I don't think so.
Double trouble!
That's it.
We found it.
What the hell? Hey!
Two of the passengers
are missing.
Okay. you guys
watch the main cabin.
I'll go find them.
I'll take this fat guy
as a human shield.
Oh. nice. Last guy
picked for dodgeball.
first guy for human shield.
Everybody be quiet.
There's another update.
Good afternoon. I'm Tom Tucker.
The search for
a missing airliner
continues as speculation grows
that the plane
has been hijacked.
Oh. this is all so awful.
What will our lives be like
if our husbands don't make it?
♪ Thank you for being a friend
♪ Traveled down the road
and back again
♪ Your heart is true
♪ You're a pal
and a confidant
♪ Thank you
for being a friend ♪
Oh. my God.
Now I want dad to die!
Hey. Joe. look at me.
Do I look like
Mickey the Mouse?
Get out of people's stuff.
Ah. here's my bag.
Hey. what are you
two doing down here?
Oh. someone's
shipping live lobsters. Yum.
Prepare to die.
You first.
That's what you think.
Peter. grab onto something!
Uh-oh. I grabbed
my own belt.
- Attention. passengers.
- I know we're being hijacked
but I would be remiss
if I didn't point out
that we're
presently passing over
Yosemite National Park.
Wow. that is truly
awe-inspiring.
It certainly is.
And you know
what you don't see
from up here?
Borders.
Die in hell. Eurotrash!
Hang on. Peter!
Holy crap. that was close.
Joe. how'd you know that lever
would open the landing gear?
Wheels are my expertise. Peter.
I notice every wheel in a room
as soon as I enter.
Special delivery
from the U.S. of A.
Rats. My bullets
are in my shaving kit.
Get off my...
Double trouble!
Sorry.
Come on. man!
Oh. my God. You guys did it.
We're saved!
Yep. We wrapped
this up quicker
than the treaty-signing
at Appomattox.
So if I sign this.
the war is over.
we surrender and we still
get to be dicks forever?
Okay. you win.
You can all
relax now. everybody.
We're ten minutes
away from landing
in an air field in Nevada.
Looks like you'll make
that business
meeting after all.
Great. Thanks for keeping us
in the sky. boys.
Now. reach for it.
You're one
of the hijackers. too?
Yes.
I was in reserve
in case the plan went awry.
And now I can finally get into
the cockpit and
execute our plan.
crashing this
plane into the ultimate
symbol of American materialism.
Las Vegas.
You know.
I've lost a ton in Vegas.
but I never thought
I'd lose my life there.
Did you just think of that?
Yeah. just now.
You know. you are
seriously funny. man.
I know I crap on you a lot.
but sometimes
when I'm driving.
I think about
stuff you say and I laugh.
Thank you. Peter.
No. thank you.
Very good.
We are less than 20 minutes
from Las Vegas.
Get ready to say goodbye
to your precious Rita Rudner.
Is your plan just
to kill Rita Rudner?
No. we're going to crash
into the biggest
hotel on the Strip.
Killing Rita
Rudner will just be
the custard on the dumpling.
You know.
we never quite nailed down
what region you guys are from.
Good afternoon. I'm Tom Tucker
with the latest on
the hijacking crisis.
As you can see.
I've taken off my blazer
to show the severity
of the situation.
We understand the plane
has been found by satellite.
It's apparently
veered off its flight plan
and is headed for Las Vegas.
The government.
fearing the worst.
is considering shooting it down.
Now here's an over-the-top
news graphic.
Oh. look. there's one guy
who slept through
this whole thing.
Hey. buddy. wake up.
We're all about to die.
What? What are you
talking about?
Yeah. I thought
I should wake you up.
Nobody wants
to die in their sleep.
Oh. my God.
No! I have a family!
There you go.
Only a few more minutes
until your country pays
for its imperialistic sins.
Us? What about you?
Like. how come
you Eastern European guys
can't be quieter in pornos?
I mean.
nobody's ever been like.
"Yeah. yeah. more guy noises."
They ask us to do
that to cover up
the sound of
children playing nearby.
Now shut up
and get ready to die!
So. uh...
You ever been
to Vegas before?
No.
Well. I think you're gonna
flip for it!
Yeah!
Attention.
passengers. the plane...
Oh. come on! Doesn't anybody
pay attention to the sign?
That was some
quick thinking. Glenn.
And look. even
that plane with all
the missiles is impressed.
Missiles? That's
a military fighter jet.
He's here to shoot us down!
Or she.
What?
They must think the hijackers
still control the plane.
And our
communications are jammed.
so we can't even tell them
everything's okay.
Don't worry. I'll signal to him.
Hey. we knocked
out all the bad guys.
See. we don't need your help.
We kicked their asses
and we have their guns.
I've got
a visual on the terrorists.
They've got
a hostage in a blue shirt
with a white collar.
He must be
an important businessman.
Copy that. prepare to engage.
Oh. good. he's moving away.
No. he isn't.
He's getting in
position to fire.
He thinks we're
gonna crash into the Strip.
Everybody in your seats!
Frank Caliendo does
a five o'clock show.
Quagmire. land this plane.
We've been hit!
Oh. God. this is it.
We're gonna die!
Like hell we are.
We're gonna make it.
We're going too fast!
We're gonna crash
into that lake!
Oh. no. we're not.
Ah. yeah.
right there. That's good.
And now to discharge
the plane's fire retardant.
Giggity.
Wow. Quagmire.
thanks for saving
all of our lives.
We're sorry for saying
your job was easy.
Yeah. you're
the best damn pilot
in the world.
He's right.
What you did up
there was amazing.
Thanks. guys.
That means a lot.
That was quite a trip.
wasn't it?
It sure was.
And we learned
a lot about blue jeans.
didn't we. guys?
Yes. yes. we did.
That's right. Peter.
Thank you for planning
a wonderful day.
Cleveland!
Joe!
Peter!
Dad. I was really
worried. so I pulled
a record of your
credit card purchases
in San Francisco
and I saw some things
I think you'd
prefer to keep private.
We'll talk later. Chris.
I think we will.
I do believe we will.
Well. let's head home.
I know I. for one. am ready
to put all this behind us.
Sounds good.
Oh. yeah.
In case we didn't say.
this was Spirit Airlines.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today